1) How cookies works?
2) How Browser call works?
3) How multithreading works? (Deadlock, )
4) How https works?

  HTTPS = HTTP + SSL
  When "https://" url is hit on the browser. Here is the sequence of events:
  1. A TCP connection is established between browser and server(port :443).
  2. SSL handshake happens.
      2.1 Broswer sends "CLIENT HELLO" message to server. This msg contains:
          - Compression methods supported, Cipher /Encryption algo used.
      2.2 Server responds with "SERVER HELLO" message.
          - SSL version used, Compression methods supported, Cipher /Encryption
          algo used, Session ID for SSl session.
      2.3 Server sends Digital Certificate signed by a verified authority like
         "Verisign" . It server 2 purposes.
          - It contains public key of server.
          - It establishes the identity of the service/server.
      2.4 Server sends "SERVER HELLO DONE" message.
      2.5 Client sends "CERTIFICATE VERIFY" message
      2.6 Client sends "CHANGE CIPHER SPEC" command to indicate from now on it
         will send messages encrypted by servers' public key.
      2.7 Client sends "FINISHED" message which is the digest of all messages
         exchanged so far encrypted by server public key. (so that server can
         verify the order of messages to ensure no tampering has hppnd in b/w)
      2.8 Server sends "CHANGE CIPHER SPEC" command to indicate from now on it
         will send messages encrypted by servers' public key.
      2.9 Server sends "FINISHED" message which is the digest of all messages
         exchanged so far with client.
      2.10 SSL Handshake complete.
  3. Client generates a symmetric key to be used for communication for that SSL
     session. It encrypts it with servers' public key.
  4. Server decrypts the "symmetric" key using its private key.
  5. All Message exchange is encrypted and decrypted by this symmetric key.






5) Difference between Symmetric and Asymmetric cryptography

  Symmetric encryption : Same key is used for encryption and decryption

  Take a Text and encrypt it with an encryption algorithm using a random string
  (key). Receiver can decrypt the message with same decryption algorithm with
  the same key.

  Asymmetric encryption : Different keys are used for encryption and decryption.


5) Diamond problem
6)
